I
he will do anything for treats mini
sneeze sneeze again hey please good boy
good boy okay y ou easy in this cookie
where ID in this cookie we are gonna do
another trick I'm gonna make my dog the
most incredible dog in the world smile
believe it or not okay come here Manny
fit let me I need you to sit ready rub
this cookie ninny smile smile you guys
smile what this smile up can you might
this but smile smile again okay he's
smiled all right this for our legs up
this is what we're gonna do what's this
did it or we're not forgive that watch
mini I'm coffee and your spike spike
here big man oh you didn't do it I love
me and your spray yeah good Oh Minnie
all right and Brad list and final sit
down really far away from final shots
again lady I'm gonna shoot him and he's
gonna die are you ready dang good boy
good boy
Oh am i weird and that is ninnie the
most fascinating dog in